What is the current goal of your project?
What have you accomplished so far toward that goal?
What do we need to know if we want to run your project in its current state? For example, maybe this app can only be run on your phone, not in Simulator. Or maybe there are a couple of bugs that the user needs to avoid for now.
What percentage of your goal would you estimate you have completed? Measure this in time spent working on the project so far and the amount of time you estimate you would need in order to complete the project. So if, for example, you've worked 10 hours on this project and you think it would take 15 more hours to complete it, then you are 40% of the way done.
What is the most significant achievement you've made so far on this project? This could be something you built (a feature of the app) or the way that you built it (the way your code is written).
What do you anticipate being the hardest part of the remainder of your project?


Currently, the goal for the app is to make it have a flip limit of two cards, then flip them back if they dont match. So far the cards flip, but can't flip back and their is no limit on the amount of cards you can flip. If u run this curently, you will only be able to flip cards to their face, the app also only presents itself in landcape mode due to the size of the images i downloaded and the way the code generates the cells. No other bugs exist that I know of because of the simple nature of the app right now. I think I am about 50-60% completed with the current goal. I've spent a good amount of time learning new things and implementing them, which I am proud of due to the fact that I'm super busy. So far, my biggest achievement would be implementing what I have learned, and also generating the cells. Getting the cells to generate was really hard for me, and I really only figured it out through looking through guides. I think the hardest part will be figuring out how to tell when the cards match, and getting the code to reset the counter on card press limit back to two.
